ReadMe.md, before:

# Fantastic Youtube Channels List.

## Abbreviations

- Youtube - YT
- Structure Query Language - SQL
- Not Only Structure Query Language - NoSql
- Cascading Style Sheet - CSS
- Java Script - JS

## Description

This is an open youtube channels list from where anyone can easilly find out YT-channels that are loved by community.

### How to Contribute ?

You can contribute to this fantastic-youtube-list repo by sending pull request, after forking and modifying your fork.

#### Still Confused ? Read These...

- [5 Types of Git Workflow.](https://buddy.works/blog/5-types-of-git-workflows "Article")

- [Introduction to GitHub.](https://www.notion.so/Introduction-to-GitHub-202af6f64bbd4299b15f238dcd09d2a7 "Using Github for Collaboration")

- [Introduction to Git.](https://www.notion.so/Introduction-to-Git-ac396a0697704709a12b6a0e545db049 "Using and Understanding Git")

---

## Android Development

- [Aws Rh](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoQp_Duwqh0JWEZrg4DT2Ug "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Aws Rh

- [Coding in Flow](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_Fh8kvtkVPkeihBs42jGcA "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Florian

---

## Artificial Intelligence

- [Code Bullet](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0e3QhIYukixgh5VVpKHH9Q "Youtube Channel Link") Games AI Examples

- [Two Minute Papers](https://www.youtube.com/user/keeroyz "Youtube Channel Link") AI oriented researches

---

## Designing

### Photoshop

- [PiXimperfect](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMrvLMUITAImCHMOhX88PYQ "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Unmesh Dinda

- [GFXMentor](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP3AIk974-PeB9bg1Mc7wug "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Imran Ali Dina

### Illustrator

- [Mohamed Achraf](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCF6WjcZeVqy3MLBpp86eOyw "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Mohammd Achraf

- [GFXMentor](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP3AIk974-PeB9bg1Mc7wug "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Imran Ali Dina

---

## SQL

---

## NoSql

---

## Programming

### JavaScript

- [Programming with Mosh ](https://www.youtube.com/user/programmingwithmosh "Youtube Channel Link") Instrustor - Mosh Manadani

- ["Red Stapler"](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRthRrv06q1iOl86-tTKJhg/playlists "Youtube Channel Link") Owned by Coders

- ['Fireship'](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA/playlists "Youtube Channel Link") | Javascript Cooktube 


### Python

- [Corey Schafer](https://www.youtube.com/user/schafer5 "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Corey Schafer

- [PyTutorials](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCesEknt3SRX9R9W_f93Tb7g "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Nitratine

- [Socratica](https://www.youtube.com/user/SocraticaStudios "Youtube Channel Link") They are - couple of Caltech grads

- [Real Python](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI0vQvr9aFn27yR6Ej6n5UA "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Dan Bade

- [Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4JX40jDee_tINbkjycV4Sg "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Tim

### PHP

-[mmtuts](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0eyrZgxdwhwBToawjm9faF1ixePexft-) Instructor - ?

-[Coding Passive Income](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCftdWt8OxUQ3FKYtw2G6lRA) Insructor - ?

### Java

- [thenewboston](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJbPGzawDH1njbqV-D5HqKw "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Bucky Roberts

- [Java Brains](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYt1sfh5464XaDBH0oH_o7Q "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

- [ProgrammingKnowledge](https://www.youtube.com/user/ProgrammingKnowledge "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

- [ProgrammingKnowledge2](https://www.youtube.com/user/SilentGermanLessons "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

### C-Sharp

- [Programming with Mosh ](https://www.youtube.com/user/programmingwithmosh "Youtube Channel Link") Instrustor - Mosh Manadani

### Css Tricks

- ["Colt Steele"](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrqAGUPPMOdo0jfQ6grikZw/videos "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Colt Steel

- ["Red Stapler"](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRthRrv06q1iOl86-tTKJhg/playlists "Youtube Channel Link") Owned by Coders

---

## Data Structures

- [Programming with Mosh ](https://www.youtube.com/user/programmingwithmosh "Youtube Channel Link") Instrustor - Mosh Manadani

---

## Databases

---

## Web Development

- [The net ninja](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW5YeuERMmlnqo4oq8vwUpg "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

- [DevSage](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV4AXpDSxschk8I0sCl8JXw "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Sage

- [Traversy Media](https://www.youtube.com/user/TechGuyWeb/playlists "Youtube Chennel Link") Instructor - ?

- [Brad Hussey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVguiojKA6iobcySMJ5boNA "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Brad Hussey

- [FreeCodeCamp.org](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ/ "Youtube Channel Link") Run by the community

---

## Wordpress Development and Designing

- [Freelance Pakistan](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEEg17VzyLfs1oj9cyfNLr650KBH7wHk0) Instructor - Farooq Hussain Shah

- [deSaleemi](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGumj0nK0pOfUzkXFbufG6Q) Instructor - Sabtain Ali Saleemi

- [Nayyar Shaikh](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVgHeVqf7aIlqXQtB83v4sw) Instructor - Nayyar Shaikh

---

## Data Structures

- [Programming with Mosh ](https://www.youtube.com/user/programmingwithmosh "Youtube Channel Link") Instrustor - Mosh Manadani

---

## Bash Scripting

- [Joe Collins](https://www.youtube.com/user/BadEditPro "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Joe Collins

- [LearnLinuxTV](https://www.youtube.com/user/JtheLinuxguy "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

- [linuxhint](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHErB0TULAlldbhPMfBJ1Xg "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor -?

---

## Reverse Engineering

- [LiveOverflow](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClcE-kVhqyiHCcjYwcpfj9w "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

---

## Audio Engineering

- [In The Mix](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIcCXe3iWo6lq-iWKV40Oug "Youtube Channel Link") Learn how to create music

---

## Block Chain

---

## Userful Links Section.

### Online Code Editors:

- [codepen.io](https://codepen.io "Link") | Discover and write fornt end codes.
- [playcode.io](https://playcode.io/ "Link") | write and execute code online.
- [codesandbox.io](https://codesandbox.io/ "Link") | create your send box environment of your choice and play.
- [npm.runkit.com](https://npm.runkit.com/ "Link") | test any javascript module/package online.

### Challange your self:

- [hackerrank.com](https://www.hackerrank.com/ "Link") | check your level of coding skills.

### CSS

- [ourownthing.co.uk](http://ourownthing.co.uk "Link") | Css Gradient Generator.
- [bennettfeely.com](https://bennettfeely.com "Link") | Mask your image to a certain shape.
- [triangligy.io](https://trianglify.io "Link") | Make a triangular based grid for backgrounds or other stuff.
- [patternify.com](http://www.patternify.com "Link") | Css pattern Gererator.
- [cssdradient.io](https://cssgradient.io "Link") | Online Gradient Editor.
- [keyframes.app](https://keyframes.app "Link") | Css Animations Editor.

#### Animation:

- [aos](https://michalsnik.github.io/aos/ "Link")
- [wow.js](https://wowjs.uk/ "Link")
- [animate.css](https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/ "Link")

### Cool Stuff For Study

- [Css-tricks.com](https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/t/text-transform/ "Link") | a great site for reading articles on css
- [sitepoint.com](https://www.sitepoint.com/html-css/css/ "Link") | a gread site for reading articles on html-css
- [packtpub.com](https://subscription.packtpub.com/ "Link") | online resource for reading tech books
- [opensource.com](https://opensource.com/tags/command-line "Link") | a plateform for open source community.
- [github.blog](https://github.blog/ "Link") | read articles and blogs related to engineering and tech.

### Free Website Templates.

- [Theme-wagon](https://themewagon.com/ "Link") | download 1000+ free templates and use them.

### Colors:

- [Colorhunt.co](https://colorhunt.co/ "Link")
- [color.adobe.com](https://color.adobe.com/explore "Link")
- [paleton.com](https://www.paleton.com "Link")
- [colormin.io](http://colormind.io/template/ "Link") | Ai based color scheme combination maker.
- [coolors.co](https://coolors.co/ "Link")
- [mycolor.space](https://mycolor.space/ "Link")
- [colourlovers.com](https://www.colourlovers.com/ "Link")
- [hailpizel.com](https://color.hailpixel.com/ "Link")
- [colordesigner.io](https://colordesigner.io/ "Link")
- [colorco.de](https://colourco.de/ "Link")
- [javier.xyz](https://javier.xyz/cohesive-colors/ "Link")
- [colr.org](http://www.colr.org/ "Link")
- [material.io](https://material.io/ "Link")
- [color.muz.li](https://colors.muz.li/ "Link")
- [materialpalette.com](https://www.materialpalette.com/ "Link")
- [colorsinspo.com](https://colorsinspo.com/ "Link")

### Font:

- [mixfont.com](https://www.mixfont.com/Titillium-Web+Nixie-One "link") | Ai based font selector.

### Images:

- [pexels.com](https://pexels.com "Link") | Free Images Site.
- [unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com "Link") | Free Images Site.
- [pixlr.com](https://pixlr.com "Link") | Online photo Editor.
- [compressor.io](https://compressor.io "Link") | Online Photo Compersing Tool.

### Music
- [bensound.com](https://www.bensound.com/ "Link") | free and premium sounds for your project.

- [soundcloud.com](https://soundcloud.com/ "Link") | sound and music plateform for sharing.

### Un-organized

- [behance.net](https://www.behance.net "Link") | For Exploring New Design Trends Runing in the Market.

Commit message:

Online logo maker link added in Design sections

ReadMe.md, after:

# Fantastic Youtube Channels List.

## Abbreviations

- Youtube - YT
- Structure Query Language - SQL
- Not Only Structure Query Language - NoSql
- Cascading Style Sheet - CSS
- Java Script - JS

## Description

This is an open youtube channels list from where anyone can easilly find out YT-channels that are loved by community.

### How to Contribute ?

You can contribute to this fantastic-youtube-list repo by sending pull request, after forking and modifying your fork.

#### Still Confused ? Read These...

- [5 Types of Git Workflow.](https://buddy.works/blog/5-types-of-git-workflows "Article")

- [Introduction to GitHub.](https://www.notion.so/Introduction-to-GitHub-202af6f64bbd4299b15f238dcd09d2a7 "Using Github for Collaboration")

- [Introduction to Git.](https://www.notion.so/Introduction-to-Git-ac396a0697704709a12b6a0e545db049 "Using and Understanding Git")

---

## Android Development

- [Aws Rh](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoQp_Duwqh0JWEZrg4DT2Ug "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Aws Rh

- [Coding in Flow](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_Fh8kvtkVPkeihBs42jGcA "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Florian

---

## Artificial Intelligence

- [Code Bullet](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0e3QhIYukixgh5VVpKHH9Q "Youtube Channel Link") Games AI Examples

- [Two Minute Papers](https://www.youtube.com/user/keeroyz "Youtube Channel Link") AI oriented researches

---

## Designing

### Online Logo Maker

- [designmantic.com](https://www.designmantic.com "site link") | Generate logo of your choice in seconds.

### Photoshop

- [PiXimperfect](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMrvLMUITAImCHMOhX88PYQ "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Unmesh Dinda

- [GFXMentor](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP3AIk974-PeB9bg1Mc7wug "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Imran Ali Dina

### Illustrator

- [Mohamed Achraf](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCF6WjcZeVqy3MLBpp86eOyw "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Mohammd Achraf

- [GFXMentor](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP3AIk974-PeB9bg1Mc7wug "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Imran Ali Dina

---

## SQL

---

## NoSql

---

## Programming

### JavaScript

- [Programming with Mosh ](https://www.youtube.com/user/programmingwithmosh "Youtube Channel Link") Instrustor - Mosh Manadani

- ["Red Stapler"](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRthRrv06q1iOl86-tTKJhg/playlists "Youtube Channel Link") Owned by Coders

- ['Fireship'](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA/playlists "Youtube Channel Link") | Javascript Cooktube 


### Python

- [Corey Schafer](https://www.youtube.com/user/schafer5 "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Corey Schafer

- [PyTutorials](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCesEknt3SRX9R9W_f93Tb7g "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Nitratine

- [Socratica](https://www.youtube.com/user/SocraticaStudios "Youtube Channel Link") They are - couple of Caltech grads

- [Real Python](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI0vQvr9aFn27yR6Ej6n5UA "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Dan Bade

- [Tech With Tim](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4JX40jDee_tINbkjycV4Sg "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Tim

### PHP

-[mmtuts](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0eyrZgxdwhwBToawjm9faF1ixePexft-) Instructor - ?

-[Coding Passive Income](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCftdWt8OxUQ3FKYtw2G6lRA) Insructor - ?

### Java

- [thenewboston](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJbPGzawDH1njbqV-D5HqKw "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Bucky Roberts

- [Java Brains](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYt1sfh5464XaDBH0oH_o7Q "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

- [ProgrammingKnowledge](https://www.youtube.com/user/ProgrammingKnowledge "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

- [ProgrammingKnowledge2](https://www.youtube.com/user/SilentGermanLessons "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

### C-Sharp

- [Programming with Mosh ](https://www.youtube.com/user/programmingwithmosh "Youtube Channel Link") Instrustor - Mosh Manadani

### Css Tricks

- ["Colt Steele"](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrqAGUPPMOdo0jfQ6grikZw/videos "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Colt Steel

- ["Red Stapler"](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRthRrv06q1iOl86-tTKJhg/playlists "Youtube Channel Link") Owned by Coders

---

## Data Structures

- [Programming with Mosh ](https://www.youtube.com/user/programmingwithmosh "Youtube Channel Link") Instrustor - Mosh Manadani

---

## Databases

---

## Web Development

- [The net ninja](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW5YeuERMmlnqo4oq8vwUpg "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

- [DevSage](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV4AXpDSxschk8I0sCl8JXw "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Sage

- [Traversy Media](https://www.youtube.com/user/TechGuyWeb/playlists "Youtube Chennel Link") Instructor - ?

- [Brad Hussey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVguiojKA6iobcySMJ5boNA "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Brad Hussey

- [FreeCodeCamp.org](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ/ "Youtube Channel Link") Run by the community

---

## Wordpress Development and Designing

- [Freelance Pakistan](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEEg17VzyLfs1oj9cyfNLr650KBH7wHk0) Instructor - Farooq Hussain Shah

- [deSaleemi](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGumj0nK0pOfUzkXFbufG6Q) Instructor - Sabtain Ali Saleemi

- [Nayyar Shaikh](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVgHeVqf7aIlqXQtB83v4sw) Instructor - Nayyar Shaikh

---

## Data Structures

- [Programming with Mosh ](https://www.youtube.com/user/programmingwithmosh "Youtube Channel Link") Instrustor - Mosh Manadani

---

## Bash Scripting

- [Joe Collins](https://www.youtube.com/user/BadEditPro "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - Joe Collins

- [LearnLinuxTV](https://www.youtube.com/user/JtheLinuxguy "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

- [linuxhint](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHErB0TULAlldbhPMfBJ1Xg "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor -?

---

## Reverse Engineering

- [LiveOverflow](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClcE-kVhqyiHCcjYwcpfj9w "Youtube Channel Link") Instructor - ?

---

## Audio Engineering

- [In The Mix](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIcCXe3iWo6lq-iWKV40Oug "Youtube Channel Link") Learn how to create music

---

## Block Chain

---

## Userful Links Section.

### Online Code Editors:

- [codepen.io](https://codepen.io "Link") | Discover and write fornt end codes.
- [playcode.io](https://playcode.io/ "Link") | write and execute code online.
- [codesandbox.io](https://codesandbox.io/ "Link") | create your send box environment of your choice and play.
- [npm.runkit.com](https://npm.runkit.com/ "Link") | test any javascript module/package online.

### Challange your self:

- [hackerrank.com](https://www.hackerrank.com/ "Link") | check your level of coding skills.

### CSS

- [ourownthing.co.uk](http://ourownthing.co.uk "Link") | Css Gradient Generator.
- [bennettfeely.com](https://bennettfeely.com "Link") | Mask your image to a certain shape.
- [triangligy.io](https://trianglify.io "Link") | Make a triangular based grid for backgrounds or other stuff.
- [patternify.com](http://www.patternify.com "Link") | Css pattern Gererator.
- [cssdradient.io](https://cssgradient.io "Link") | Online Gradient Editor.
- [keyframes.app](https://keyframes.app "Link") | Css Animations Editor.

#### Animation:

- [aos](https://michalsnik.github.io/aos/ "Link")
- [wow.js](https://wowjs.uk/ "Link")
- [animate.css](https://daneden.github.io/animate.css/ "Link")

### Cool Stuff For Study

- [Css-tricks.com](https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/t/text-transform/ "Link") | a great site for reading articles on css
- [sitepoint.com](https://www.sitepoint.com/html-css/css/ "Link") | a gread site for reading articles on html-css
- [packtpub.com](https://subscription.packtpub.com/ "Link") | online resource for reading tech books
- [opensource.com](https://opensource.com/tags/command-line "Link") | a plateform for open source community.
- [github.blog](https://github.blog/ "Link") | read articles and blogs related to engineering and tech.

### Free Website Templates.

- [Theme-wagon](https://themewagon.com/ "Link") | download 1000+ free templates and use them.

### Colors:

- [Colorhunt.co](https://colorhunt.co/ "Link")
- [color.adobe.com](https://color.adobe.com/explore "Link")
- [paleton.com](https://www.paleton.com "Link")
- [colormin.io](http://colormind.io/template/ "Link") | Ai based color scheme combination maker.
- [coolors.co](https://coolors.co/ "Link")
- [mycolor.space](https://mycolor.space/ "Link")
- [colourlovers.com](https://www.colourlovers.com/ "Link")
- [hailpizel.com](https://color.hailpixel.com/ "Link")
- [colordesigner.io](https://colordesigner.io/ "Link")
- [colorco.de](https://colourco.de/ "Link")
- [javier.xyz](https://javier.xyz/cohesive-colors/ "Link")
- [colr.org](http://www.colr.org/ "Link")
- [material.io](https://material.io/ "Link")
- [color.muz.li](https://colors.muz.li/ "Link")
- [materialpalette.com](https://www.materialpalette.com/ "Link")
- [colorsinspo.com](https://colorsinspo.com/ "Link")

### Font:

- [mixfont.com](https://www.mixfont.com/Titillium-Web+Nixie-One "link") | Ai based font selector.

### Images:

- [pexels.com](https://pexels.com "Link") | Free Images Site.
- [unsplash.com](https://unsplash.com "Link") | Free Images Site.
- [pixlr.com](https://pixlr.com "Link") | Online photo Editor.
- [compressor.io](https://compressor.io "Link") | Online Photo Compersing Tool.

### Music
- [bensound.com](https://www.bensound.com/ "Link") | free and premium sounds for your project.

- [soundcloud.com](https://soundcloud.com/ "Link") | sound and music plateform for sharing.

### Un-organized

- [behance.net](https://www.behance.net "Link") | For Exploring New Design Trends Runing in the Market.
